PR to deprecate azure-mgmt-networkanalytics (#39690)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-python: sdk/networkanalytics/azure-mgmt-networkanalytics/README.md

# Microsoft Azure SDK for Python

> # Microsoft Azure SDK for Python

Reviewer: Duplicate line
```suggestion
```

> # Microsoft Azure SDK for Python
> 
> This package has been deprecated and will no longer be maintained after 03-14-2025. This package will only receive security fixes until 03-14-2025.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE**: This package has been deprecated and will no longer be maintained after 03-14-2025. This package will only receive security fixes until 03-14-2025.
```
